Update functions-how-to-azure-devops.md (#126369)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-functions/functions-how-to-azure-devops.md

The v2 version of the task includes support for newer applications stacks for .NET, Python, and Node. The task includes networking predeployment checks. When there are predeployment issues, deployment stops. 

> To deploy to Azure Functions, add the following snippet at the end of your `azure-pipelines.yml` file. The default `appType` is Windows. You can specify Linux by setting the `appType` to `functionAppLinux`. Deploying to a Flex Consumption app requires you to set both `appType: functionAppLinux` and `isFlexConsumption: true`. The reason must be set to `functionAppLinux` when you use Flex Consumption because [Flex Consumption](/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan) is a Linux-based Azure Functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To deploy to Azure Functions, add the following snippet at the end of your `azure-pipelines.yml` file. The default `appType` is Windows. You can specify Linux by setting the `appType` to `functionAppLinux`. Deploying to a Flex Consumption app requires you to set both `appType: functionAppLinux` and `isFlexConsumption: true`. The reason must be set to `functionAppLinux` when you use Flex Consumption because [Flex Consumption](/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan) is a Linux-based Azure Function.
```

> To deploy to Azure Functions, add the following snippet at the end of your `azure-pipelines.yml` file. The default `appType` is Windows. You can specify Linux by setting the `appType` to `functionAppLinux`. Deploying to a Flex Consumption app requires you to set both `appType: functionAppLinux` and `isFlexConsumption: true`. The reason must set `functionAppLinux` when use Flex Consumption because [Flex Consumption](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan) is a Linux-based Azure Functions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To deploy to Azure Functions, add the following snippet at the end of your `azure-pipelines.yml` file. The default `appType` is Windows. You can specify Linux by setting the `appType` to `functionAppLinux`. Deploying to a Flex Consumption app requires you to set both `appType: functionAppLinux` and `isFlexConsumption: true`. The reason must be set to `functionAppLinux` when you use Flex Consumption because [Flex Consumption](/azure/azure-functions/flex-consumption-plan) is a Linux-based Azure Functions.
```
